docs/guide.rst, before:

==========
User guide
==========

Installation
============

You can install from PyPI.

.. code-block:: console
   :caption: Example for using pip

   pip install atsphinx-goto-top

Usage
=====

You can use only register into your ``conf.py``.

.. code-block::
   :caption: conf.py

   extensions = [
       ..., # Other your extensions
       "atsphinx.goto_top",
   ]

When document build, it append the button into bottom of page.

Configuration
=============

.. confval:: goto_top_design
   :type: string
   :default: ``""``

   Select design type of navigation button.
   If this value is not ``None``, builder auto detect or use ``"text"`` preset.

   Preset types:

   * ``"text"``: Simple text.
   * ``"image"``: Use SVG (arrow-up-to-line).

   When this value is neither ``None`` or preset types, builder will raises error.

.. confval:: goto_top_side
   :type: string
   :default: ``"right"``

   This value is used as CSS property. You muse set ``"left"`` or ``"right"``

.. confval:: goto_top_scroll_behavior
   :type: string
   :default: ``"auto"``

   Behavior value of ``window.scrollTop()`` method when button is clicked.

   See it: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/scrollTo#options

.. confval:: goto_top_template_id
   :type: string
   :default: ``"tmpl_gotoTop"``

   This value is used for id ``<template>`` element.

   You need not set it other than ID id conflicted.

.. confval:: goto_top_content_id
   :type: string
   :default: ``"gotoTop"``

   You need not set it other than ID id conflicted.

Commit message:

docs: Write about custom button text

docs/guide.rst, after:

==========
User guide
==========

Installation
============

You can install from PyPI.

.. code-block:: console
   :caption: Example for using pip

   pip install atsphinx-goto-top

Usage
=====

You can use only register into your ``conf.py``.

.. code-block::
   :caption: conf.py

   extensions = [
       ..., # Other your extensions
       "atsphinx.goto_top",
   ]

When document build, it append the button into bottom of page.

Configuration
=============

.. confval:: goto_top_design
   :type: string
   :default: ``""``

   Select design type of navigation button.
   If this value is not ``None``, builder auto detect or use ``"text"`` preset.

   Preset types:

   * ``"text"``: Simple text.
   * ``"image"``: Use SVG (arrow-up-to-line).

   When this value is neither ``None`` or preset types, builder will raises error.

.. confval:: goto_top_text
   :type: string or None
   :default: ``None``

   This value is used as text value of built-in button.

   * ``goto_top_design == "text"``: Body text of button.
   * ``goto_top_design == "image"``: Alternation texts of button.

   If this value is not set, extension will render "Back to top" or translated text.

.. confval:: goto_top_side
   :type: string
   :default: ``"right"``

   This value is used as CSS property. You muse set ``"left"`` or ``"right"``

.. confval:: goto_top_scroll_behavior
   :type: string
   :default: ``"auto"``

   Behavior value of ``window.scrollTop()`` method when button is clicked.

   See it: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/scrollTo#options

.. confval:: goto_top_template_id
   :type: string
   :default: ``"tmpl_gotoTop"``

   This value is used for id ``<template>`` element.

   You need not set it other than ID id conflicted.

.. confval:: goto_top_content_id
   :type: string
   :default: ``"gotoTop"``

   You need not set it other than ID id conflicted.
